Name: Jennifer Hache
Date: 08/30/2024

Description: 
This application simulates an 8-Ball game in which the user will have to ask a yes/no question. They will also have the option to quit the game. 

Logic Steps:

1. Import the random module
	1a. imported to generate random numbers and select random items from a list.

2. While loop used for user input
	2a. used to continuously ask the user to enter question until they type 'quit' to end the game.

3. Ask user to enter question
	3a. The user is prompted to ask a yes/no question. The input is stored in the variable called "question".

4. Ensuring quit command ends game
	4a. An if statement checks if the user enters 'quit'. If true, the program prints "Game over!" 
	and breaks the loop - game is over.

5. Random number and looping using "for"
	5a. For loop runs for a number of iterations from a random number generated between 0 and 12.

6. Random response given.
	6a. The program will open the 8ball_responses.txt file, reads its contents, and splits it into a list of lines.
	the random.choice will select a random response from the list.

7. Print response.
	7a. The selected response is printed and will display "8-Ball Answer is: ".

Variables Used\

1. question: 
Desc: keeps the user's input regarding a yes/no question and the option to quit the game.

2. i: 
Desc: Used as an index in the "for" loop.

3. response:
Desc: Stores a randomly selected response from the list of responses read from the 8ball_responses.txt file.

Functions Used

random.choice():
This function is used to select a random element from a non-empty sequence.
Parameters:
sequence: This is a list.(like a string) from which random.choice will select a random element.

random.randrange(start, stop):
Generates a random number from the specified range (0 to 12).
Parameters:
start: The starting point of the range.
stop: The end point of the range.

input():
used to prompt the user for input and store their response.
Parameters:
prompt: A string that will be displayed as a message. User will have to enter input.

print(object):
Outputs the message.
Parameters:
object: The item(s) you want to print. If separated by commas, multiple objects can be printed.

open(filename, mode): read content
Parameters:
filename: The name of the file you want to open.
mode: The mode in which you want to open the file "r" is for reading.

Opens the file 8ball_responses.txt in read mode ("r") to read its contents.

.read().splitlines():
Reads the entire file and splits it into a list.
Parameters:
boolean that specifies whether to keep line breaks. The default is False.
.read parameters: none

break:
exits the enclosing loop.
Parameters:
None

https://github.com/Jhache06/JenniferHache_Chapter-1_B.git

Name: Jennifer Hache
Date: 08/30/2024
